README.md, before:

### Table of Contents

1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Project Motivation](#motivation)
3. [Project Descriptions](#files)
4. [CRISP-DM Process](#CRISP)
5. [Results & Findings](#results)
6. [Licensing, Authors, and Acknowledgements](#licensing)

## Installation <a name="installation"></a>

There should be no necessary libraries to run the code here beyond the Anaconda distribution of Python.  The code should run with no issues using Python versions 3.* & Anaconda 3*. You'll need graphviz to visualize the final decision tree.

## Project Motivation<a name="motivation"></a>

This project is part of Udacity Data Scientist Nano-Degree. For this project, I am interested in using latest Stack Overflow data from 2020 to better understand:

1. Who are data scientist? Whats their profile?
2. What's the difference between data scientist and other developers
3. What tools (language, platform, database…) do data scientists use?
4. What are important predictors for data scientist who has higher converted compensation?

## Project Descriptions <a name="files"></a>

The main notebook "stackoverflow_analytics.ipynb" provides a simple, easy and scalable way to explore and analyze structured questionaires like Stack Overflow Survey before really dig deeper into it. Ｗe can get the big picture of different groups and general feelings of data just by selecting interested column and run the plotting code.


## CRISP-DM Process <a name="CRISP"></a>
The main notebook "stackoverflow_analytics.ipynb" demonstrate a simplify version of CRISP-DM process. You can follow the header to understand which step of the process we are going through.

## Results & Findings <a name="results"></a>

The main findings of the code can be found at the blog post available [here](https://medium.com/p/8158f145e393/edit).

## Licensing, Authors, Acknowledgements<a name="licensing"></a>

The credit is given to Stack Overflow as they provide those valuable data. You can find the Licensing for the data and other information at the link available [here](https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey).

Commit message:

update README for CRISP-DM & Missing value

README.md, after:

### Table of Contents

1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Project Motivation](#motivation)
3. [Project Descriptions](#files)
4. [CRISP-DM Process](#CRISP)
5. [Handle the missing values](#MISSING_VALUE)
6. [Results & Findings](#results)
7. [Licensing, Authors, and Acknowledgements](#licensing)

## Installation <a name="installation"></a>

There should be no necessary libraries to run the code here beyond the Anaconda distribution of Python.  The code should run with no issues using Python versions 3.* & Anaconda 3*. You'll need graphviz to visualize the final decision tree.

## Project Motivation<a name="motivation"></a>

This project is part of Udacity Data Scientist Nano-Degree. For this project, I am interested in using latest Stack Overflow data from 2020 to better understand:

1. Who are data scientist? Whats their profile?
2. What's the difference between data scientist and other developers
3. What tools (language, platform, database…) do data scientists use?
4. What are important predictors for data scientist who has higher converted compensation?

## Project Descriptions <a name="files"></a>

The main notebook "stackoverflow_analytics.ipynb" provides a simple, easy and scalable way to explore and analyze structured questionaires like Stack Overflow Survey before really dig deeper into it. Ｗe can get the big picture of different groups and general feelings of data just by selecting interested column and run the plotting code.

## CRISP-DM Process <a name="CRISP"></a>
The main notebook "stackoverflow_analytics.ipynb" demonstrate a simplify version of CRISP-DM process. Please read the H1 header in [HERE](https://github.com/chengweiiii/stack-overflow-developer-survey-2020/blob/master/stackoverflow_analytics.ipynb). The notebook has cover ALL the steps(Business Understanding, Data Understanding, Prepare Data, Data Modeling, Evaluate the Results) of CRISP-DM process.

## Handle the missing values  <a name="MISSING_VALUE"></a>
There are lots of missing values in the data, if you want to know how i handle the missing values, please read on my Jupyternote book.

## Results & Findings <a name="results"></a>

The main findings of the code can be found at the blog post available [here](https://medium.com/p/8158f145e393/edit).

## Licensing, Authors, Acknowledgements<a name="licensing"></a>

The credit is given to Stack Overflow as they provide those valuable data. You can find the Licensing for the data and other information at the link available [here](https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey).
